[Music]
[Applause]
Debra Winger is Emma Greenway Horton
good news I'm officially pregnant you're
not happy for me
don't get so mad if you're not happy
Shirley MacLaine is Aurora Greenway her
mother Jack Nicholson is former
astronaut Garrett Breedlove
[Music]
and they are all coming to terms
you are not special enough to overcome a
bad marriage listen to her she's going
crazy dama your mother boycotted your
wedding she hates your husband did you
only hold you in medium esteem well
that's the first time I stopped hugging
first how was your lives gonna get
better if you keep having children with
that man what miracle is gonna come
along to rescue you wait over by the car
but no come on wait over by the car
honey nice boys you're great with him
too
I don't really think he wants to have
anything more to do with me is it
because you wouldn't go to bed with him
on a first date Emma it's hardly a first
date mother I mean you've been living
ten feet away from him for 15 years
why don't you talk about the real reason
I don't I don't know what you mean
because it's been about that long since
you've done
[Music]
I was doing laps when you call
lucky for us I did eight
as if there is gonna kill me
yes baby I know you do you think talking
to like this don't you realize I'm a
grandmother
[Music]
it's a strange that relatively and
relatively late in my face
I found that sex is so-so
so yes I do hear anything uh no and Emma
hasn't called you either no let me know
if you hear and if you talk to Emma
don't sound as frightening as you do I
don't sound frightened
surely the Train Nicholson pleasure to
meet you I've heard so much about you
yes well your mother's really been
looking forward to this dude so go ahead
anything wrong there no no I'll be over
later
they're probably tired anyway it'll get
to sleep early and I'd like to get to
bed early bye-bye
terms of endearment
[Music]